https://doc.ukdataservice.ac.uk/doc/8406/mrdoc/pdf/8406_cyber_security_breaches_survey_2018_technical_annex.pdf

1.2 Strengths and limitations of the 2018 survey
While there have been other surveys about cyber security in organisations in recent years,
these have often used partially representative sampling or data collection methods. By contrast,
the Cyber Security Breaches Survey series is intended to be statistically representative of UK
businesses of all sizes and all relevant sectors, and UK registered charities in all income bands.

The 2018 survey shares the same strengths as the 2016 and 2017 surveys:
• the use of random-probability sampling to avoid selection bias
• the inclusion of micro and small businesses, and low-income charities, which ensures that
the respective findings are not skewed towards larger organisations
• a telephone data collection approach, which aims to also include businesses and charities
with less of an online presence (compared to online surveys)
• a comprehensive attempt to obtain accurate spending and cost data from respondents, by
using a pre-interview questions sheet and microsite, and giving respondents flexibility in
how they can answer (e.g. allowing numeric and banded £ amounts, as well as answers
given as percentages of turnover or IT spending)
• a consideration of the cost of cyber security breaches beyond the immediate time-cost
(e.g. explicitly asking respondents to take into account their direct costs, recovery costs
and long-term costs, while giving a description of what might be included within each of
these costs)

Two main limitations might be considered to be as follows:
• Organisations can only tell us about the cyber security breaches or attacks that they have
detected. There may be other, breaches or attacks affecting organisations, but which are
not identified as such by their systems or by staff. Therefore, the survey may have a
tendency to systematically underestimate the real level of breaches or attacks.
• When it comes to estimates of spending and costs associated with cyber security, this
survey still ultimately depends on self-reported figures from organisations. As previous
years’ findings suggest, most organisations do not actively monitor the financial cost of
cyber security breaches. Moreover, as above organisations cannot tell us about the cost of
any undetected breaches or attacks. Again, this implies that respondents may
underestimate the total cost of all breaches or attacks (including undetected ones)


2.3 Sampling
The survey is designed to represent enterprises (i.e. the whole organisation) rather than
establishments (i.e. local or regional offices or sites). This reflects that multi-site organisations
will typically have connected IT devices and will therefore deal with cyber security centrally.